Documentation - Improved description for addLoading and removeLoading (#169)
Dataport/polar: packages/plugins/AddressSearch/README.md

| - | - | - |
| searchMethods | searchMethodsObject[] | Array of search method descriptions. Only searches configured here can be used. |
| afterResultComponent | VueConstructor? | If given, this component will be rendered in the last line of every single search result. It will be forwarded its search result feature as prop `feature` of type `GeoJSON.Feature`, and the focus state of the result as prop `focus` of type `boolean`. |

> | addLoading | string? | Expects the path to an action within the store. This action is committed with a loading key as the payload when starting reverse geocoding. |

Reviewer: This is not the reverse geocoder. I guess this is from a copy paste error. Also, actions can not be commited; only mutations can. Actions would require dispatchment.

I'd suggest the following change for a copyable field description that can be used in all places (with the replacement of "starting" with "finishing", where it fits).

```suggestion
| addLoading | string? | Expects the path to a mutation within the store. This mutation is committed with a plugin-specific loading key as payload when starting asynchronous procedures that are intended to be communicated to the user. |
```

| customSearchMethods | Record<string, customSearchMethod>? | An object with named search functions added to the existing set of configurable search methods. (See `addressSearch.searchMethodsObject.type`) This record's keys are added to that enum. |
| customSelectResult | Record<string, customSelectFunction>? | An object that maps categoryIds to functions. These functions are then called as vuex store actions instead of the `selectResult` default implementation. This allows overriding selection behaviour with full store access. Use `''` as key for categoryless results. |
| focusAfterSearch | boolean? | Whether the focus should switch to the first result after a successful search. Defaults to `false`. |
| groupProperties | Record<string, groupProperties>? | An object defining properties for a group. The searchMethod's groupId is used as identifier. All services without groupId fall back to the key `"defaultGroup"`. |
| minLength | number? | Minimal input length after which searches are started. Defaults to 0. |

> | removeLoading | string? | Expects the path to an action within the store. This action is commited with a loading key as the payload when finishing reverse geocoding. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| addLoading | string? | Expects the path to a mutation within the store. This mutation is committed with a plugin-specific loading key as payload when finishing asynchronous procedures that are intended to be communicated to the user. |
```
